DAN (VOICEOVER): Since our return
to Earth after defeating Zenoheld,
a whole lot has happened.
The most exciting thing is that Bakugan Interspace finally
went online globally, allowing kids from all over the world
to show their battling skills in a safe and friendly
environment.
Unfortunately, it seems like not everyone
wants this virtual realm to remain happy and free.
A mysterious evil force from another world
has infiltrated Bakugan Interspace
and is trying to take over.
OK, buddy. Let's do this.
All right.
Bakugan Brawl.
THEME SONG: What are you going to do?
The odds are stacked against you.
Back against the wall.
Got to give it your all.
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah.
This is the final stand.
The power's in your hand.
Two worlds collide on the inside.
You got to fight for what's right
before it's gone, gone, gone.
This is Bakugan.
DAN: Things got a little crazy in that last battle.
Is it true that Neo's Zip Zam is gone for good?
It's true.
Ugh.
It's my fault. I wasn't strong enough to win him back.
It's OK.
Hm?
Neo knew the risks of being a soldier.
He acted nobly and showed bravery when
he passed the Element to Drago.
Now, he's a part of Drago.
Nice.
I'm honored.
Princess, based on Linus's report Neathia
has suffered a serious setback.
We need to return immediately to help fight.
Right.
I need to ask a favor, and I'll understand if you say no.
Don't worry. We're in.
Huh?
We'll go with you to Neathia to fight.
It could be dangerous.
Are you sure?
Yup.
The Gundalians are an enormous threat to the entire universe.
Even though we've made some good counterattacks,
they're still taking children from Bakugan Interspace
to battle on their side.
Maybe now we can shut these Gundalian creeps down for good,
huh?
You got that right.
We're going to take the fight to their front door.
Let's go then.
ALL: Yeah.
DAN (VOICEOVER): Bakugan Battle Brawlers in \"Twin Evil.\"
[grumbles]
You and Sid really made life tough for the rest of us
when you messed up and lost the Element like that.
I have no use for fools in my inner circle.
But, sire.
Are you serious?
You can't just dismiss us like that.
[growls]
Rubanoid.
[laughs] I can use this one in my experiments.
Rubanoid, no!
Ugh.
Emperor Barodius, give us another chance.
Huh?
Ren?
Grant us a pardon this time, and I promise
we will take down the Brawlers.
We will redeem ourselves.
BARODIUS: Silence!
Begging for your life, Ren?
How weak and pathetic you are.
Ha.
[groans]
Well, Ren, got anything to say for yourself, huh?
If we get the Element back, all will
be forgiven by the Emperor.
Huh?
You would need to be beat Drago to get it back.
You actually think you're that strong, Ren?
If we can't beat him through might,
Zenet, then we'll have to use trickery to get it back.
Any ideas?
Try on someone else's skin.
Hm?
Well, I could do that.
Have you got a plan?
Yes.
And it starts with us heading to Earth.
Hold on.
[grunts]
[gulls cawing]
I don't know.
All this outer space and interdimensional travel
sounds dangerous.
Please just tell me you're being careful, Daniel sweetheart.
Yes, mom.
And you too, Drago.
You need to watch each other's backs.
Don't worry.
I promise.
I got to head out now, Mom.
See you.
[manhole cover rattles]
You could couldn't be more precise with your coordinates
than a sewer, huh?
He's not slowing down.
Whoa.
Gotcha.
We got to say goodbye to Julie before we head out.
Why is this place so packed?
Hey, Julie.
Hey there, Dan.
Hold on a sec, doll.
I'll be right with you.
CUSTOMER: Excuse me, miss. - Huh?
CUSTOMER: Could we get another cheeseburger special please?
Yeah.
I'll have one of those too please.
JULIE: You got it!
Thanks very much.
Please come again.
Oh.
Is that the right time?
I'm late for cheerleading practice.
Bye.
Julie, wait a second.
Wait!
Sorry.
Got to borrow your bike, babe.
See ya.
But I--
I'll bring it back later.
All right.
Just be careful, OK?
You betcha, hun.
You're totally the best ever.
Mwah.
Catch you later.
Oh, dude.
She never slows down.
You totally forgot.
Forgot?
To tell Julie that we're leaving.
Snap.
We can't leave without saying goodbye to her.
Julie!
Ha.
Looks like girly girl has a fan.
I think I found my in.
See ya.
Mwah.
Or should I say my new skin.
Huh?
Yes.
Fits like a glove.
He'll never know the difference.
Well, Zenet?
Hey!
Call me Julie.
We have to keep up the illusion if we're
going to trick Dan and Drago.
[panting]
We made it, but I don't see Julie.
If she's at cheerleading practice,
wouldn't she be on the field?
Good point.
ZENET/JULIE: Hey, Dan.
Julie.
ZENET/JULIE (VOICEOVER): I spy with my little guy the Element.
Now, I just need to grab him.
What, uh, happened to cheerleading practice?
Aren't you late for it?
I thought I'd blow it off.
Huh?
Who needs to be jumping around and shouting when
I could spend time hanging with my favorite person
in the world?
Well, uh-- there is something I wanted to talk to you about.
- Awesome. - Whoa.
Let's go chat.
Easy on the arm, OK?
Slow down, will you?
- Oh, you're so silly, Dan. - Ow.
Ow. Ow.
You're really crack me up.
Here you go.
Just a little something to say thank you for lending me
your bike earlier.
Hey, thanks.
- Dan. - Huh?
Oh, right.
Hmph.
Whoops!
Huh?
Oh, no. Ah.
Oh.
Oh, sorry.
Let me dry you off, Drago.
It's OK.
I can do it myself.
[grumbles] No, no.
The mighty Drago doesn't need any help.
Huh?
Because Pyrus Bakugan are the best, right?
And Drago's the best of the best.
What's going on with you, Julie?
You're acting strangely.
Oh, sorry, you guys.
Sometimes I get overexcited when I talk about Bakugan.
JULIE: Hey, everybody.
What?
Oh, no.
It's the real thing.
Hey, Dan.
How about we go grab a bite?
- Huh? - Come on.
Whoa.
I know a great place.
DAN: Julie, slow down.
Hm?
Julie, take it easy, will you?
Ow.
Is that Dan there?
[panting] Hey, Julie.
I thought we were going to eat.
Snap.
I wonder if she saw us.
I guess I'd better hurry it up.
What's she mumbling about?
Dan, you need to tell her, so we can go.
Yeah.
OK, pal. - So--
Julie--
Hm?
We're heading to Neathia today.
Huh?
But why?
We need to stop the Gundalians once and for all.
If he gets to Neathia with the Element, we're all in trouble.
Those creeps are a threat to the entire universe
as long as they're out there.
Well, uh--
Hey, don't worry.
We faced tough guys before.
We'll be back before you know it.
Anyhow, so long, Julie.
Hey, wait. Wait a second.
Huh?
Do you think I could see Drago for a second?
What for?
I just wanted to say a proper goodbye.
May I?
All right.
Come on.
Oh no.
Did I blow it?
Maybe I was too pushy trying to get my hands on it.
OK.
No sweat.
Well, that was easy.
I can't believe how simple it was to punk this dude.
Ren's going to freak.
Come on.
Hand it over.
That's it.
Hey, Dan.
BOTH: Huh?
What the--
Two Julies.
But how?
What's going on?
Dan, she's an imposter.
Are you serious?
She's posing as me.
She's obviously trying to trick you.
Don't listen to her, Dan.
She's the imposter.
I'm telling you she's a total freak.
What the heck?
She's lying.
BOTH: I'm the real Julie.
Trust me.
Just hang on.
Dan, calm down.
Maybe I should just lean over and grab that thing from him.
I'll prove to you I'm the real Julie, Dan.
I was going to ask you not to go to Neathia and--
and stay here with me.
[gasps]
What?
You were going to go Neathia?
Uh.
That's right.
Awesome.
Are you going to help fight the Gundalians?
You bet.
What?
Now, I know this is the real Julie.
But why, Dan?
I was the one who was worried about you.
Yeah, but the real Julie knows it's important for me
to go and fight.
That's right.
I would never ask Dan to turn his back on anyone who
needed help from the Brawlers.
Hm?
Ugh.
Enough of this already.
You guys are too goody-goody.
It's sickening.
So you're really a Gundalian?
That's right, and I've come to take your Bakugan.
ZENET (VOICEOVER): Time to bring home the Element, Contestir.
DAN (VOICEOVER): Let's send her packing, Drago.
[beeping]
[gull cawing]
Gate Card, set.
Bakugan Brawl.
Bakugan, stand.
Come on, Haos Contestir.
Here we go.
Bakugan Brawl.
Bakugan, stand.
Bring it, Pyrus Lumino Dragonoid.
[roars]
Whoa.
I knew Ren said Drago had evolved,
but he is one mean looking dude.
Huh.
We'll see about that.
That's right.
Ability, activate.
Crossfire.
[grunts]
Ugh.
That one hurt.
Whoa.
You gonna let him smack you down like that right
out of the gate?
Toughen up.
Ability, activate.
Vanguard Lola.
Ugh.
Next.
Try this.
Ability, activate.
Bolting Glow.
[grunts]
No big deal.
Ability, activate.
Particle Wave.
[shouts]
Oof.
Seriously?
Oh yeah.
[groans] We're never going to get it back this way.
Step it up, Contestir.
Ready.
Gate Card, open.
Misty Solitude.
Huh?
What's this?
Dan, where did you go?
Huh?
Drago, what's happening?
Can you hear me?
Drago?
All right.
And now, for part two.
Ability, activate.
Evil Copy.
Contestir just changed into Coredem?
Are you OK, Drago?
Coredem, what are you doing here?
Where did Contestir go?
I don't know.
I haven't seen him.
[shouts]
Coredem, what are you doing?
[laughs] He fell for the switch.
Moron.
Drago, that's not Coredem, pal.
Save your breath.
He can't hear you inside there, Dan.
This is bad.
So let's see how you enjoy this next little trick
of mine, Mr. Battle Brawler.
Ability, activate.
Phantom Blow.
Ugh.
[groans]
[groaning] Coredem, what's wrong with you?
Ability, activate.
Scale Arrow.
Drago!
What?
Ugh.
[groans]
Wow.
That boy is crazy.
Drago, you got to wake up.
Do you hear me?
[grunting]
Hilarious.
I'm still too far away from him to hear.
OK then.
Whoa.
Is he nuts?
[grunting]
Oh yeah.
He's definitely nuts.
Drago, wake up!
Please, you have to.
Drago!
Wake up!
Dan?
Dan!
Ah, no way.
Drago, that's not Coredem.
It's Contestir in disguise.
What?
He can't actually be hearing him.
DAN: Do you hear me?
It's Contestir.
That must be it.
That would explain it.
[intense music]
I hear you, Dan.
Wha-- I don't believe it.
Talk about a defective ability.
Dan?
Yeah, pal.
Payback time, pal.
Ability, activate.
Cross Barnum.
[roars]
[shouting]
COMPUTER: Zenet Life Force, 60%.
That's right.
Thanks for bringing me back.
[grumbles] Those two are really tough,
but I'm not going back to Neathia
without the Element in my hand.
Got it?
You're not going to fool us again.
Gate Card, set.
Let's go.
Bakugan Brawl.
Bakugan, stand.
Go Pyrus Lumino Dragonoid.
Bakugan Brawl.
Bakugan, stand.
Rise, Haos Contestir.
Time to fight fire with fire.
Ability, activate.
Evil Copy.
That's right.
Nice play, Zenet.
Go, Evil Twin Drago.
Quit it with your charades.
Ability, activate.
Cross Fire.
What the--
ZENET: [laughing] Evil Twin Drago
can use the same abilities as Drago,
but they're even more powerful.
[grunts]
[explosive boom]
Let's try this then.
Ability, activate.
Cross Barnum.
Blah, blah, blah.
Ability, activate.
Cross Barnum.
[grunts]
[groaning]
[intense music]
Ugh.
[laughs] I got you good.
This is getting annoying.
Try copying this one.
COMPUTER: Ready Cross Buster.
Like I said, Sweets.
Anything you can do, buddy, I can do better
even if it's-- oh, what the--
CONTESTIR: Zenet.
What now?
It's no good.
We can't copy Battle Gear.
Seriously?
Let's go, Drago.
New Battle Gear Boost.
[intense music]
[roars]
What?
Come on, Contestir.
COMPUTER: Ready, Spartablaster.
Battle Gear Boost.
[grunts]
[panting]
I'm beat.
Battle Gear Ability, activate.
Spartablaster Sol.
[groaning]
Drago, our turn.
Battle Gear Ability, activate.
Cross Buster Neo.
[grunts]
[groaning]
COMPUTER: Zenet Life Force, zero.
That's right.
Ah, man.
I can't believe we lost.
Need an instant replay?
No thanks.
[gull caws]
[gasps] Oh, Dan, you beat them.
Yeah!
Are you really surprised?
Whoa.
Oh, Dan, you really are the best.
Take it easy.
[panting]
Zenet, did you get Drago?
Sorry.
No dice.
What's up with those guys anyway?
I mean, all this yackety yak about friendship
and doing the right thing.
It's exhausting.
Can you explain it to me?
It's the strength that unites them.
What?
Uh, just never mind.
Oh, oh.
There's something else.
It sounds like the Brawlers are coming to Neathia.
Why didn't you tell me before?
Huh?
JULIE: Go get them, Brawlers.
Thanks, Julie.
You're the best cheerleader ever.
You got me totally pumped.
DAN: Let's hit them hard, guys.
ALL: Yeah.
Yeah.
I'll see you soon, Dan.
FABIA (VOICEOVER): I finally returned home to Neathia
and revealed the Sacred Orb to the Brawlers.
Its Neathia's core strength and is
the reason why Emperor Barodius is trying to defeat us.
He wants the power it contains all for himself.
He even sent his Elite Force, known as the Twelve Orders,
to battle us.
I guess he didn't realize that with Dan and the Battle
Brawlers now backing us up, we were a mighty force
to be reckoned with.
Check out the action.
Bakugan Brawl.
Ugh.
Let's do this Castle Knight style, guys.
[theme music]